Add AEP-8 - AEP Style and Guidance (#97)
aep-dev/aep.dev: aep/general/0008/aep.md

  guidance **must** clearly explain under what conditions the guidance should be
  followed.

Guidance contained within an AEP **must** be beneficial to one or more
types of clients or their authors, including but not limited to:

- Asset inventories which can be used to audit and analyze resources.
- Command line interfaces for exploration and simple automation.
- Custom controllers (e.g. auto-scalers) which poll live state and adjust
  resource configuration accordingly.
- [IaC][] clients for orchestration and automation of multiple resources.
- Recommendation tools which provide guidance on which APIs are useful for
  specific use cases, and how to use them.
- SDKs to interact with an API from a programming language, often used heavily
  for data-plane operations.
- Security orchestration, automation, and remediation tools.
- Simple scripts to automate or orchestrate tasks.
- Test frameworks.
- Tools that operate on resource data at rest.
- Visual User Interfaces for visualization and one-off manual actions.
- Users.

Examples of enhancements include:

- Requiring new proto annotations that enable more descriptive interfaces on

>   clients (e.g. requiring `singular` and `plural` on a `library.api.resource`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  clients (e.g. requiring `singular` and `plural` on a `google.api.resource`
```

Author: I thought we decided to change all the "google" references to "library". Did we reverse that decision?

Author: fixed.

**may** deviate from it if necessary (in particular, if the AEP would be more
difficult to understand, even for a reader already accustomed to reading AEPs in
the usual format).

**Note:** Except for the title, AEPs **must** only use the second heading level
(`##`) and above. AEPs **should** only use the second and third heading levels
(`##`, `###`).

### Requirement keywords

AEPs **should** use the following requirement level keywords: "MUST", "MUST
NOT", "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", and "MAY", which are to be interpreted as
described in [RFC 2119][].

When using these terms in AEPs, they **must** be lower-case and **bold**. These
terms **should not** be used in other ways.

If "SHOULD" or "SHOULD NOT" are used, they **must** include valid examples of
where other concerns may override the guidance.

**Important:** If rationale is used, it exists to provide background and a more
complete understanding, but **must not** contain guidance (and RFC-2119 terms
**must not** be used).

### Code examples

API design examples in AEPs **should** be presented in both [OpenAPI][] and
[protocol buffers][]. Examples
**should** cover only enough syntax to explain the concept. When using RPCs in

> examples, a `library.api.http` annotation **should** be included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
protocol buffer examples, a `google.api.http` annotation **should** be included.
```

AEPs should use snake-case naming for parameters and properties (fields), for
consistency across OpenAPI and protocol buffers, but other casing conventions

> may be used as long as they are applied uniformly.

Reviewer: What about PascalCase for RPC, resource, request, and response names?

Author: I think we should avoid making any stand on case conventions. That is a rabbit hole.

Reviewer: Just so I understand - are you saying that this AEP should be satisfied if the Get AEP says `GetBook` and the Delete AEP says `deleteBook`?

Author: What casing convention would allow that? "UpperLowerCamelCase"?

Sorry for the sarcasm -- the direct answer is "No". If you want we can be explicit; we can say
> You **must** establish a case convention and apply it consistently.

I'll be happy that if you like. We could even restrict this to some standard set.

Reviewer: To be clear...this AEP is the AEP style guide, so I'm taking this guidance as guidance about how to write AEPs, rather than how to define APIs.  Just want to check: are we talking about the same thing?

Author: Indeed. So nothing else needed here, right? Please approve so we can merge.

Reviewer: My original question stands:  why would the AEP style guide prescribe a casing for field names but not for e.g. method names?

Reviewer: Approving and merging in advance of the barn raising; filed https://github.com/aep-dev/aep.dev/issues/129 to track this discussion.

### Referencing AEPs

When AEPs reference other AEPs, the prosaic text **must** use the format

> `AEP-XXXX` without zero-padding (e.g., `AEP-8`, not `AEP-0008`), and **must**

Reviewer: Don't we want to use slugs rather than numbers in the AEPs?

Author: I opened an issue for this.

link to the relevant AEP. AEP links **may** point to a particular section of the
AEP if appropriate.

**Important:** AEP links **must** use the relative path to the file in the

> repository (such as `./0008.md` for core AEPs, or `../0008.md` for AEPs in a

Reviewer: Same question about slugs, though I'm not sure how the site generator would handle slug-based links rather than filename-based links.  But filename-based links won't get updated if we go with the plan of moving slugs to new files for AEP versioning.

(But maybe this is good, if we want e.g. two old versions of AEPs to maintain a link between them, rather than e.g. the old DELETE pointing to the new SOFT-DELETE.)

Maybe this is a bigger question and shouldn't block this PR.

@toumorokoshi FYI
